Look.
Everyone welcome and collectively.
All this obsession problem by a fabulous from A to B recorded in tabular form and possibly.
Let's just see how that table will be going.
When will be will be getting fit.
So here we have index as zeros, which is x and sum as the columns, which is eight.
We have indexes, we have some.
So we know what index across some table will be having initially.
But initially we are on index zero.
Right.
So where is the area?
Poppy this.
Okay.
Let me straddle.
27459.
Well.
And two, four, five, nine in.
This is the area and this is the number one in Italy.
Initially we are on index.
Okay.
So what is the land of the.
It is.
One, two, three.
Guys, don't get confused.
If I am, you know, marking it as one based index.
Or if you want, I can make it zero base or NICS also.
But.
It's fine both ways.
You're going to understand it.
So let's say the race when Mr. Nixon I'm giving you the one with all giving up on this index and the
this is some but what doesn't index zero means that it's an empty if index.
You don't mean that it's an empty array then is this some zero possible.
Yes.
And then one here is some one possible.
No.
Any of these sums up are similar.
Right.
So this was a base case that we did.
We had actually called it eight and that was if.
Here it is minus one.
But, you know, I'm just taking the.
Taking this Eddie as one base, and in that case, zero will be representing that there isn't a right
index fund.
That means I'm over here.
Basically, the element is the element is two.
And now they want to know whether.
Any me alteration element here only.
Yeah.
The element is to win.
And.
Eight.
The element is two.
Then this this particular row, this first row will tell me whether I'm using two or if I'm not using
two.
And what's my answer?
Right.
Basically, if I write it as.
At a then 33 than it is F of x minus one.
Come away.
Epa-Efe.
F of x minus one comma y minus x.
Dot com.
Thanks.
Main event.
Come on.
Why mine?
It's based on what you said.
Does any of the sentiment?
So the first is directly above said, which is nothing.
But if this is going away, this sell, will we x minus one come away?
Well.
So if the above sell is true, then it has to be true.
I hope there is no problem in.
I have no problem in understanding this because we are doing all right.
So we've above the issue.
It may or we may not check the previous cells.
Both of them are fine.
They.
But what if?
Yeah.
What if?
The opposite is not true.
Then we can check for this in the second cell there.
Any come away?
Depends on this.
Also in the previous round.
Basically it will be like this, which is x minus one comma by minus x, which will depend on the value
of x.
If it exists two, then it depends on x minus one, comma, y minus two.
If axis seven it is x minus one.
Comma, y minus seven eight.
So.
The first thing is it simply depends on the above.
So basically this rule will forever be true because what any of this all the above said is true.
So if the above said is true, then this will always be true, right?
Because X one is why it is x minus 1yy and we are taking over.
So just remember one thing.
If one comes over here, then it will go on forever because.
It's possible.
And what does this represent of that?
Whether a subset sum of one is possible by using.
The element Duke made by using or not using the element, basically the prefix of the air.
So where is it?
Sounds like.
So let me write it quickly.
So it is ab1 comma.
One is the cell depends on it.
B one minus one, which is zero.
But my one.
EPI one minus one, which is again the previous Arrow command y is one minus x exist.
Just so you know, we won't be digging this because.
The value is greater than the sum.
So this won't be checking this.
But for this we can see it is zero comma one or 2010.
This is zero NZ unit out of bound before he answered.
It's not possible for the next cell.
What we'll have will have one comma two.
It will depend on zero comma, one or.
Zero comma zero eight.
So tell me, is the zero comma to.
But tell me whether zero comma two is true or zero is true.
So yes, we can see that zero zero is true.
That means a sum of two can be made by using this tool.
Therefore, what I'll have is I'll have binary.
Well, I hope you understand from where I am getting this.
No.
I'll look after this particular video.
I will try to optimize the memory.
After they will try to.
Order and after that.
What I can do is.
I can write.
I can explain to you how to trace back the answers.
How to actually formally define an answer.
Well, we will do that also.
And.
I did this.
Yeah.
And and, you know, feel free to trace back the answers.
All the deep problems that.
Well.
So will get one and then it will be zero and then will be 0000 because we are not a breeding rate.
It's the first problem, the subject and problem.
None of this can be true.
Now you know that if this is true, then this cell will be true because it is excellent.
This will also be true.
This will also be.
This is what I was just telling you.
Let's talk about the sale, which is seven.
Right.
So the answer depends on the previous sale, also above sale and the sale on the left.
Minus seven.
Eight.
So that is out of bone.
And this is zero.
It will be zero.
Similarly, 0000.
But now let's stick here.
In this case, the above sale is zero.
That's false.
But what about one comma zero?
Because here you can see almost seven, eight and I minus one from my do minus six will be zero.
Basically it will be one comment and one comma zero issue.
Therefore this the sum of seven is possible by using the first two elements.
It means I can.
I'm taking seven and I'm not taking.
I hope you are seeing where the answer comes from.
So this this answer.
This one comes from this one.
One comma zero and always bungoma zero formed when i00.
That means I'm not taking it.
Basically, if the connection is upwards, it means not to included in my subset.
And if the connection is, you know, backwards, it means.
Not a word yet on a connection.
If it is not upwards, it is somewhere up and back.
It means I'm including that into my.
But by using this thing you can trace back this aid.
If I'm going up, I'm not including it because I'm coming from this estate, which is f x minus one
common y, which was about excluding the element.
If I'm moving backwards means going left also.
By going up your are all doing left.
Right.
The second part, this one, if I'm going left also that means I'm including that in myself to include
the current element by you know, by formulating this, you can always trace back and figure out your.
Coalition now?
Yeah, I mean, quickly.
It is not possible.
What about nine?
So for nine we can easily see the above through is it only?
But this cell is one is one Goma two, which is minus seven or nine.
So this will be true.
And similarly, these one.
So in a similar fashion, you can fill all the remaining end of this.
And let's meet in the next part.
We will this week also.
We will.
Or this automobile project.
Well, thank you.